Mention the need of shutdown/startup in update docs (#3849)
Cog-Creators/Red-DiscordBot: docs/update_red.rst

Windows
-------

> If you have Red 3.2.0 or newer, upgrading can be achieved by following these 4 easy steps:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have Red 3.2.0 or newer, you can upgrade by following these 4 easy steps:
```

    If you're using PostgreSQL data backend, replace ``Red-DiscordBot`` in the second command with ``Red-DiscordBot[postgres]``

4. Start your bot.

Linux & Mac
-----------

> If you have Red 3.2.0 or newer, upgrading can be achieved by following these 4 easy steps:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have Red 3.2.0 or newer, you can upgrade by following these 4 easy steps:
```
